Update gpu-golem-live.md (#211)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/providers/gpu/gpu-golem-live.md

    ![Setup GPU Golem Live 6](/gpu/setup_6.png)

8.  **Set your price** - in the following step, set the hourly rate (in GLM). This value is necessary for participation in the Golem network and set prices for sharing resources.

>     _GLM per hour means how much GLM you will receive for a full hour of calculations._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    _GLM per hour means how much GLM you will receive for a full hour of the HW usage._
```
